herenven avoided a serious accident
fordovtsy showed a unique mustang
opal yiddish funny electrocable fathers
trainz usa has a new manufacturer
electric car 2 and futures
another supercar printed on 3d
printer in Ukraine there are photos and
video recording of traffic violations
hi there is a summary of automotive
news buckets news our friend and partner
shop 130 is all for your car
the green world avoided a serious accident
test races of Germany rally right
before the rider left the tractor here is how
It was
fortunately the look instantly responded
he had to push the floor into an attractor
backwards
fordovtsy showed a unique mustang he
dedicated to the American project
apollo manned space flight
the car received a postscript opal edishn
and with it a lot of nice
chips he began to look meaner due to
improvements front bumper see here
wide splitter steep rapids new
exhaust forged rollers carba Vanny
spoiler and many other amenities in
Salon also added a lot of different
innovations limited mustang
based on Jett version under the hood
five-liter v8 with a supercharger
power 627 horses still there
technical updates a brake exhaust
brembo and citroen lowered suspension
will make compact electro fun
convertibles
this project with her peugeot-citroen leads
together with the French bauer corporation
group
model of this frame have developed
bauer group called the needle
summer outdoor electric vehicle holds 4
adults and is able to pass without
recharging approximately 200 kilometers
maximum speed of 110 kilometers
hour
technical component of 30 kilowatts per
I battery and 68 strong engine price so far
unknown but the novelty is already very
interested in usa one more appeared
electric vehicle manufacturer possible
Tesla competitor this company is faraday
future its headquarters is located in
california they already showed the first teaser
his future cars and promises to release
her in 2017, companies note that
such a novelty will get a modular
electric power structure
installation and battery set
98 kilowatt-hours for comparison
85 kilowatt hours at top
currently faraday futures are working
already 200 employees and recruitment continues
chief designer Farida if you often do not
richard kim before creating the concepts
bmw m3 and oh 8 battery department
headed by a former employee space
Harris exporter for power plants
will respond silva hit developed
units for baby the chevrolet volt
interior and exterior design
engaged former employees of BMW
lamborghini ferrari and landrover
and again we stumbled upon the printed
supercar yes yes we will talk about created
on 3d car printer company
micro factory's divergent printed
nice convertible called it blade
weighs their creations
only 600 30 kilograms and works or
gasoline or compressed natural gas here
700 strong turbo engine accelerates the car
up to speed of 100 kilometers per hour in two
seconds but so you can only get high
a couple of times more cars can not stand
Therefore, specialists still have something
work to bring us closer
Printed Future Supreme Council of Ukraine
historically adopted for Ukrainian
motorists bill numbered
25 62
on making changes to some
legislative acts of Ukraine
regarding the regulation
relations in the field of security
road safety
in other words this document
provides for the introduction of the photo
and video recording for the adoption of the law in
the second reading voted 267 people
deputies then at least votes
is 226 the law provides that
when auto fixing traffic violations
owner is responsible
vehicle and precisely on him
the function of proving that
he was not driving at the time of the commission
footage violations are also introduced
penalty points practice
every driver first year
150 points are awarded for these bonuses
you can slightly exceed the drive
red light wagging on markup
well and after you exhaust your
150 points will need to pay
that was all the news for today thanks
sign up for attention
on our channel and visit the bucket site